feat(curriculum): add workshop python functions (#68279)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-kitchen-inventory-tracker/6a3eaa2caac22f67811fe40f.md

    print(f'- {eggs} eggs')
    print(f'- {flour} flour')
    print(f'- {sugar} sugar')

take_inventory()

def use_eggs(eggs, num_eggs):
    if num_eggs > eggs:
        print('The kitchen does not have enough eggs.')
        return eggs

    print(f'{num_eggs} egg(s) used out of {eggs} available.')
    return eggs - num_eggs

use_eggs(eggs, 1)
print(eggs)
        
def make_fried_egg(eggs):
    available_eggs = use_eggs(eggs, 1)
    has_enough_eggs = available_eggs >= eggs

    if has_enough_eggs:
        print('Made a fried egg. Yummy!')
    else:
        print('Could not make a fried egg. Not enough eggs!')

    return available_eggs

eggs = make_fried_egg(eggs)

--fcc-editable-region--

--fcc-editable-region--
```

# --solutions--

```py
eggs = 1
flour = 2
sugar = 3

def take_inventory():
    total_items = eggs + flour + sugar
    print(f'The kitchen has {total_items} total items:')
    print(f'- {eggs} eggs')
    print(f'- {flour} flour')
    print(f'- {sugar} sugar')

take_inventory()

def use_eggs(eggs, num_eggs):
    if num_eggs > eggs:

        return eggs

    print(f'{num_eggs} egg(s) used out of {eggs} available.')

>      return available_eggs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eggs = 1
flour = 2
sugar = 3

def take_inventory():
    total_items = eggs + flour + sugar
    print(f'The kitchen has {total_items} total items:')
    print(f'- {eggs} eggs')
    print(f'- {flour} flour')
    print(f'- {sugar} sugar')

take_inventory()

def use_eggs(eggs, num_eggs):
    if num_eggs > eggs:
        print('The kitchen does not have enough eggs.')
        return eggs

    print(f'{num_eggs} egg(s) used out of {eggs} available.')
    return eggs - num_eggs

use_eggs(eggs, 1)
print(eggs)

def make_fried_egg(eggs):
    available_eggs = use_eggs(eggs, 1)
    has_enough_eggs = available_eggs >= eggs

    if has_enough_eggs:
        print('Made a fried egg. Yummy!')
    else:
        print('Could not make a fried egg. Not enough eggs!')

    return available_eggs

eggs = make_fried_egg(eggs)

take_inventory()
```

---
id: 6a3eaa2caac22f67811fe40f
title: Step 17
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-17
---

# --description--

It's time for the moment of truth! We have successfully updated our global `eggs` variable with the new value returned by our master recipe.

Let's check our kitchen inventory one last time to verify that the number of eggs has actually decreased. 

At the very end of your code, call the `take_inventory()` function again. When you run the code, you should see that the kitchen now has `0` eggs! 

Congratulations on completing the Python Functions and Scope workshop!

# --hints--

You should call the `take_inventory()` function a second time at the end of your code.

```js
({
  test: () => assert(

>     runPython(`_Node(_code).find_calls("take_inventory()").length === 2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    runPython(`_Node(_code).find_calls("take_inventory").length == 2`)
```

`find_calls` wants the function name

also remember that you are running Python inside `runPython`, Python does not have `===`

  )
})
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
eggs = 1
flour = 2
sugar = 3

def take_inventory():
    total_items = eggs + flour + sugar
    print(f'The kitchen has {total_items} total items:')
    print(f'- {eggs} eggs')
    print(f'- {flour} flour')
    print(f'- {sugar} sugar')

take_inventory()

def use_eggs(eggs, num_eggs):
    if num_eggs > eggs:
        print('The kitchen does not have enough eggs.')
        return eggs

    print(f'{num_eggs} egg(s) used out of {eggs} available.')
    return eggs - num_eggs

use_eggs(eggs, 1)
print(eggs)
        

> def make_fried_egg(eggs):   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def make_fried_egg(eggs):
```

    available_eggs = use_eggs(eggs, 1)

>     has_enough_eggs = available_eggs >= eggs  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    has_enough_eggs = available_eggs >= eggs
```

    if has_enough_eggs:
        print('Made a fried egg. Yummy!')
    else:
        print('Could not make a fried egg. Not enough eggs!')

    return available_eggs

> eggs = make_fried_egg(eggs)    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eggs = make_fried_egg(eggs)
```

--fcc-editable-region--

--fcc-editable-region--
```

# --solutions--

```py
eggs = 1
flour = 2
sugar = 3

def take_inventory():
    total_items = eggs + flour + sugar
    print(f'The kitchen has {total_items} total items:')
    print(f'- {eggs} eggs')
    print(f'- {flour} flour')
    print(f'- {sugar} sugar')

take_inventory()

def use_eggs(eggs, num_eggs):
    if num_eggs > eggs:
        print('The kitchen does not have enough eggs.')
        return eggs
    print(f'{num_eggs} egg(s) used out of {eggs} available.')
    return eggs - num_eggs

use_eggs(eggs, 1)
print(eggs)

def make_fried_egg(eggs):
    available_eggs = use_eggs(eggs, 1)
    has_enough_eggs = available_eggs >= eggs
    if has_enough_eggs:
        print('Made a fried egg. Yummy!')

>     else:
>         print('Could not make a fried egg. Not enough eggs!')
>     return available_eggs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        print('Could not make a fried egg. Not enough eggs!')
    
    return available_eggs
```

print(eggs)
        
def make_fried_egg(eggs):
    available_eggs = use_eggs(eggs, 1)
    has_enough_eggs = available_eggs >= eggs

    if has_enough_eggs:
        print('Made a fried egg. Yummy!')
    else:
        print('Could not make a fried egg. Not enough eggs!')

    return available_eggs

eggs = make_fried_egg(eggs)

--fcc-editable-region--

--fcc-editable-region--
```

# --solutions--

```py
eggs = 1
flour = 2
sugar = 3

def take_inventory():
    total_items = eggs + flour + sugar
    print(f'The kitchen has {total_items} total items:')
    print(f'- {eggs} eggs')
    print(f'- {flour} flour')
    print(f'- {sugar} sugar')

take_inventory()

def use_eggs(eggs, num_eggs):
    if num_eggs > eggs:
        print('The kitchen does not have enough eggs.')
        return eggs
    print(f'{num_eggs} egg(s) used out of {eggs} available.')
    return eggs - num_eggs

use_eggs(eggs, 1)
print(eggs)

def make_fried_egg(eggs):
    available_eggs = use_eggs(eggs, 1)
    has_enough_eggs = available_eggs >= eggs
    if has_enough_eggs:
        print('Made a fried egg. Yummy!')
    else:
        print('Could not make a fried egg. Not enough eggs!')
    
    return available_eggs

>     return available_eggs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return available_eggs
```

Author: > 

can i ask a question why is there gap between line 98 and line 111 in this file ? so many lines are empty.

Reviewer: I don't know, but there is a suggestion below to fix that

---
id: 6a3eaa2caac22f67811fe40f
title: Step 17
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-17
---

# --description--

> It's time for the moment of truth! You've successfully updated your global `available_eggs` variable with the new value returned by your `make_fried_egg` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is time for the moment of truth! You have successfully updated the global `available_eggs` variable with the new value returned by your `make_fried_egg` function.
```

> It's time for the moment of truth! You have successfully updated your global `available_eggs` variable with the new value returned by your `make_fried_egg` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's time for the moment of truth! You've successfully updated your global `available_eggs` variable with the new value returned by your `make_fried_egg` function.
```

> You can check your kitchen inventory one last time to verify that the number of eggs has actually decreased. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check your kitchen inventory one last time to verify that the number of eggs has actually decreased.
```

At the very end of your code, call the `take_inventory()` function again. When you run the code, you should see that the kitchen now has `0` eggs! 

> Congratulations on completing the Python Functions and Scope workshop!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations on successfully completing the Python Functions and Scope workshop!
```
